1)Explain the role of Oracles in blockchain:
  Blockchains and smart contracts can’t access off-chain data (data that is outside of the network) so we need third-party services that provide external information
for smart contract. They are called oracles serving as bridges between blockchains and the outside world. Without blockchain oracles, smart contracts would have very
limited use as they would only have access to data from within their networks.  

2)Talk about some of the examples, and the differences between these Oracles(Comparing 3 protocols is sufficient):
  a.Chainlink is one of the most well-known decentralized oracle providers that provides reliable, tamper-proof inputs and outputs for smart contracts.
  This decentralized oracle network can connect smart contracts to a plenty of real-world data feeds such as asset prices, price feeds, sports data,
  shipping data, weather data, and others.
  Chainlink native token is LINK that plays a key on it's reputation system. This system rates oracles based on different performance metrics like uptime,
  response time, and how many jobs they have successfully completed.
  
  b.Band Protocol is a cross-chain oracle network that enables decentralized applications (dApps) to integrate price and event feeds, effectively connecting
  the decentralized and real worlds.Band offers “community-curated” data sources that allow dApp operators to participate in the management and curation of data feeds
  to solve the oracle problem and provide smart contracts with reliable data feeds.
  One of Band’s recent accomplishments is its integration with Google Cloud. Band Protocol has been integrated into Google Cloud Public Data to allow for real-time and
  accurate financial time series data analysis.
  
  c.DIA, a non-profit organization based in Switzerland, is an oracle platform that enables market actors to source, supply and shares trustable data. Its code base,
  sources and methodologies are open-source and publicly available and it's voting-based oracle. It also can collect data from on-chain and off-chain sources.
  
