What’s the solution for Ethereum network scalability and congestion? Talk about the solutions in detail.
What’s your opinion and suggestion? Which one is better?

-The main goal of scalability is to increase transaction speed (faster finality and higher transactions per second) without sacrificing decentralization or security.
  
-Basically, there are two ways to scale a blockchain: First one is to work on the main chain itself to improve transaction capacity.(which means working on layer 1)
That is what Ethereum 2.0 is all about.
The second one is to change how people use the blockchain. In other words, instead of putting all the interactions on the main chain, some can go off-chain.
  
-Here we briefly explain each one:

1)ON-CHAIN SCALING: This method of scaling requires changes to the Ethereum protocol (layer 1 Mainnet). Sharding is currently the main focus for this method of scaling.
Sharding is the process of splitting a database horizontally to spread the load. In an Ethereum context, sharding will reduce network congestion and increase
transactions per second by creating new chains, known as “shards”. Sharding is ETH 2.0's scalability solution that will take place when Ethereum moves
its consensus mechanism from Proof of Work (PoW) to Proof of Stake (PoS). This is a major upgrade and it is a Layer-1 solution.

2)OFF-CHAIN SCALING: Off-chain solutions are implemented separately from layer 1 Mainnet. They require no changes to the existing Ethereum protocol. Some solutions,
known as "layer 2" solutions, derive their security directly from layer 1 Ethereum consensus. Here we'll be covering some of the Layer-2 solutions:
  
  A)Sidechains: Sidechains are independent blockchains that are considered more of a hybrid of Layer 2 and Layer 1 and have their consensus processes.
    Depending on the architecture, these sidechains can process up to 10,000 transactions per second. However, the side chain's security mechanism may be 
    weaker than the main chain's since users must transfer control of their coins to it.
  
  B)State Channels: Think of State Channels as a way to conduct interactions off the blockchain that would normally be on the blockchain.
    But Channels are limited. Amongst other things, they can’t send funds off-chain to non-participants.
   
  C)ZK-Rollups: The idea behind the roll up is that they they roll up transactions and fit them into a single block. Doing so, thankfully relieves
    the Ethereum network from some of its congestion and makes transactions faster and less expensive. Rollups also help scalability because
    they process transactions off the main chain. Developers can even run an Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) inside a Rollup.
    
    a big question regarding Layer 2 solutions is, “who controls the exits?" With Rollups, the exits are under the control of Layer 1, and that is
    the Ethereum blockchain. 
    
    Furthermore, ZK-Rollups have two types of users: transactors and relayers. Transactors create and broadcast their transfer to the network.
    Relayers create a rollup by collecting a large number of transfers and rolling them up together.
    
    ZK-Rollup Reduced fees per transfer and are faster than Optimistic Rollups. Also gas cost per data transfer is significantly low. On the other hand Some of 
    the disadvantages are quantum computing tht could pose future hacking threats. Also the overall security of the system is dependent on a certain level of trust.
    Another issue is that the initial setup of Zk-Rollups can be a little centralized in nature.
    
  D)Optimistic Rollups: These Rollups work on the assumption that everything is okay until a whistleblower reports otherwise, while ZK Rollups makes no such assumptions.
    Optimistic Rollups provide developers the same functionality as Ethereum layer 1 because tgey are EVM and Solidity compliant.
    Because Layer 1 is the leading chain and stores all transaction data, Optimism Rollsup are safe and decentralized solution.

    Some advantages of Optimism rollups are 200 to 2000 transactions-per-second and better User Experience but on the other hand they have limited throughput
    compared to ZK Rollups and additional security issues.
     
     
    RESULT => Each method try to solve a part of Ethereum scalibility and congestion problems and the founder of Ethereum, Vitalik Buterin, supports Optimistic
    Rollups for the near term and ZK Rollups for the longer term. 
     
    In my opinion, for a limited number of people the State Channel could be the best answer and in a larger scale, I think ZK Rollsup are better despite 
    their needs to produce a complex cryptographic proof even for a simple operation. On the bright side, they can execute 2000-9000 transactions per second
    compared to almost 200 transactions per second in optimism and 10 transactions per second in Ethereum mainnet.
     
     
     
     
    
     
     
